helm: Add details on AWS ACM to AWS guide (#10857)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/kubernetes-access/helm/guides/aws.mdx

}
```

## Step 4. TLS certificates for Teleport

We now need to configure TLS certificates for Teleport to secure its communications.

> There are two options when using AWS:

Reviewer: You can also provide your own certs, right?

Author: Yeah - this is mainly just "here are our recommended options for AWS" though. At some point the docs can be updated for using your own certs too, this is just the stuff I've been able to thoroughly test and prove out.

Author: Edited this to add "supported options" to indicate that we don't actively support people using their own certs - just `cert-manager` or ACM.

- Use `cert-manager` to provision and automatically renew ACME certs (described in [Step 4a](#step-4a-install-and-configure-cert-manager-to-handle-tls))

>   - This is better supported overall and will enable all Teleport services such as PostgreSQL database access

Author: IMO this looks worse when rendered, so I'm leaving it as-is.

    and CLI application access to work correctly. This is the recommended deployment option.
- Use [AWS ACM](https://aws.amazon.com/certificate-manager/) to handle TLS termination with AWS-managed certificates (described in [Step 4b](#step-4b-use-acm-to-handle-tls))
  - The use of ACM will not allow Teleport to handle PostgreSQL database connections or application access via CLI, as
    Teleport will not be handling its own TLS termination.

You must choose only one of these options.

## Step 4a. Install and configure cert-manager to handle TLS

> Reference: [`cert-manager` docs](https://cert-manager.io/docs/)

Reviewer 2: I think we should move this to the "Next steps" section or remove it. Currently, this link breaks the flow of the guide, since readers need to browse the cert-manager docs before they know how those docs are relevant for this guide.

In this example, we are using multiple pods to create a High Availability Teleport cluster. As such, we will be using
`cert-manager` to centrally provision TLS certificates using Let's Encrypt. These certificates will be mounted into each
Teleport pod, and automatically renewed and kept up to date by `cert-manager`.

> If you are planning to use `cert-manager`, you will need to add one additional IAM policy to your cluster to enable it

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are planning to use `cert-manager`, you will need to add one IAM policy to your cluster to enable it
```
To reduce repetition

$ kubectl --namespace teleport create -f aws-issuer.yaml
```

## Step 4b. Use ACM to handle TLS

> To use ACM to handle TLS, add additional annotations to the chart specifying the ACM certificate ARN to use.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use ACM to handle TLS, add annotations to the chart specifying the ACM certificate ARN to use.
```
or an alternative to "add additional"

> We also use the `extraArgs` value to disable Teleport's TLS listener, making the backend connection use plain TCP from the load balancer

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Include the `extraArgs` value to disable Teleport's TLS listener, making the backend connection use plain TCP from the load balancer
```
To make this consistent with the surrounding text

Reviewer 2: Also, I think we should expand on this paragraph. We haven't introduced "the load balancer" yet, so we should indicate here that the Teleport Auth/Proxy Services in the `teleport-cluster` chart use a load balancer service. 

I'm also not sure what "the backend connection" means.

<Tabs>
  <TabItem label="Using values.yaml">
  ```yaml
  extraArgs: ['--insecure-no-tls']
  annotations:
    service:
      service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-cert: "arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:1234567890:certificate/12345678-43c7-4dd1-a2f6-c495b91ebece"
      service.beta.kubernetes.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-ports: "443"
  ```
  </TabItem>

  <TabItem label="Using --set via CLI">

  <Admonition type="warning" title="Escaping values">
    You must escape values entered on the command line correctly for Helm's CLI to understand them. This gets harder and harder with
    nested values containing dots like AWS annotations. We recommend using a `values.yaml` file instead to avoid confusion and errors.
  </Admonition>

  ```code
    --set "extraArgs[0]=\"--insecure-no-tls\"" \
    --set "annotations.service.service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-cert=arn:aws:acm:us-east-1:1234567890:certificate/12345678-43c7-4dd1-a2f6-c495b91ebece" \
    --set "annotations.service.service\.beta\.kubernetes\.io/aws-load-balancer-ssl-ports=\"443\""
  ```
  </TabItem>
</Tabs>

<Admonition type="note" title="Internal load balancers">

>   To use an internal AWS network load balancer (as opposed to the default internet-facing NLB), you should add two additional annotations:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  To use an internal AWS network load balancer (as opposed to the default internet-facing NLB), you should add two annotations:
```
